List of things that do not fit the normal format:
Zerglings: two are spawned
	Solution: Modify add_unit function such that it takes a list as a parameter. Give two lings.
	Better: Add an add_units function that takes a list as a parameter. Give that one two lings.
Archons: two Templars are consumed. We need to make sure any combination of Templar works.
	Solution: There are 3 distince events for the combination.
TechLab/Reactor Things: The must be occupiable twice (for an additional unit or for a separate research). Removing the add-on must build two different units. It must be considered the same type of structure as its original version for the purposes of requirements.
Supply Depot Addition: When using the OC calldown, it must be changed to a new type of Supply Depot. Called what?
	Suggestion: Double Depot
Salvaging Bunkers: It has to have an event that creates minerals rather than a unit.
	Solution: Add an add_minerals function that takes a number as a parameter.
Queen/Hatchery Things: A queen must be attached to hatchery, because nobody moves their queens from hatchery to hatchery, and the distance matters.
	Suggestion: Make the distance negligible and handle injection as an event that busies the hatchery.
		Resulting issue: Hatcheries can be busied by upgrades in parallel to larvae
Creep Tumors: Must both become Used Creep Tumors, and spawn an additional Creep Tumor.
	Suggestion: a function that does this. Done.
		Or, could just have a cooldown, then spawn a Used Creep Tumor.
MULE: event gives lots of minerals over time, not all at the end
	Suggestion: creation of a mule unit so that minerals can be calculated in the same place. The MULE is destroyed.
Chrono Boost: How will we factor this into event ending time calculations?
	Suggestion: the event's result function modifies the end time of the event. The chrono boost would have to be listed immediately before the event to minimize confusion and the potential complexity this may cause.
		Resulting issue: There are units that finish while chrono boost is still in effect. What then?
			Suggestion: The function would have to look for separate events.
Warpgate: Unit appears before building stops being busied.
	Question: This is Cooldown, correct?
		Answer: Yes
	Suggestion: Perhaps cooldown could be an event created after another event, the warp-in. We know that warp-ins have to be a separate event already; we might as well make it two additional events.

What is to be done of requirements that are upgraded? For example, if you have a Barracks-Reactor, then you may build a Factory. Should upgrades contain a list of what they still count as?
	Solution: Boolean Or within requirements
